you are going off on your own on this
stand-up comedy tour remember at barking
on this little stand up the road to
Beijing is not you are not going to
China
I assume well I well you know I don't
want to put myself in a box you know I
as I joke about my figure skating I do
feel like I'm taking her very seriously
maybe I will
you don't know maybe actually my dad is
from like her chika-san or something and
I can get on there figure skating team I
bet you could I bet you could do that if
there he is
for sure is there a COO Gingka Stan
there's no Kenobi away the patient
inclusion is something you've been
training for since you were four my wife
no are we in the sixth grade you were in
the school talent show correct
mmm-hmm yeah I did a floor a figure
skating routine that found a video of
the know you take yes we did oh I'm so
happy we show
oh honey oh she's gonna do it leave
honey leave I designed this top honey I
designed this the mask was all my idea
oh my mom also said to me honey she said
honey have you do this they're never
gonna let you live it down and I was
like and you were very confident look
[Applause]
toeloop I was I came to take no
prisoners I took the golden that if
there is a sock ice dancing competition
I have the feeling you are gonna at
least place if not when if you let me
tell you something yes I was a male
cheerleader it is incredibly hard to
embarrass me and that is as close as you
could convince a gem I think I'm not
turning red but I'm I couldn't tell you
but you are you do have a slight mess I
love that that video finally surfaced
I've been waiting for the day when that
would happen and here it is now you know
you're famous everybody
February 28 and fill it up here in
season 3 of hi I'm Judy Kimmel I hope
you enjoyed that video hit subscribe and
all your dreams will come true assuming
your dreams are to watch more YouTube
videos